the group continue to interogate the mage
iarno begs for his life
minogar says start talking
iarno says what do you want to know
minogaur asks who he is working for,
iarno tells them about the zhentarim
who is the zhentarim asks minogaur
iarno is not sure, they threatened him to use his hideout
where are they now asked minogaur
iarno is surprised that the group have not seen them before now
minogaur asks if they are the cultists
he says do you mean th undying?
the ones worshipping the skull? asks mingaur
they dont worship the skull, it is the skull of another human boy
they use the boys essence to keep themselves alive
iarno is bopped in the nose by ingauars axe
urzal then says "be careful we need to take him alive for questioning"
minogaur moans that he cant kill the mage
minogaur gets the mage to strip
he drops his glasstaff onto the floor and he disrobes into his boxers, sasha plays a flute while he does this
iarno is a bit cold and shivering
marlade shows no remorse
they take his robes and staff
minogaur asks if they are anymore zhentarim
iarno gets frustrated, as he knows there are many around but cant know how many are left
minogaur slaps iarno
iarno says "well how many have you killed"
marlade asked if he created the doppelganger
iarno says he was given as an aide
marlade asks why iarno is here and needs the zhentarim
iarno explains that he is trying to resurrect the black spider "neznar" who was killed by adventurers years ago
urzal explains that he was a part of that group
he is trying to learn the zhentarims magic to resurrect
marlade asks urzal what he will be doing with him.
urzal says he will be taking him back to Neverwinter, to the Hall of Justice to stand before Lord Dagult Neverember
Minogaur looks around the room and sees a chest at the bottom of his bed
sasha asks about this boy in the cage, can we get him out
iarno says he is the one who locked the cage, and says he will be the only one who can unlock it
minogaur checks the box at the bottom of the bed
he finds a ton of gold silver and a silk pouch containing jewels, and a pearl.
minogaur investigates the bottom of the chest further and sees two more pieces of paper
he picks them up
both are marked as "property of neverwinter" one is a scroll of charm person, the other fireball
he pockets them but urzal asks what he found
minogaur is honest about what he found, but urzal wants to see the scrolls
he shows him the scroll from far away but urzal asks to see closer,
is that the mark of lord dagult?
but because you have helped me, you can keep them for now
minogaur asks if they are stolen and urzal says they must be
sasha and minogaur and urzal go to help the kid,
marlade decides to go back to room with the hammers and find the other hidden door
minogaur keeps iarno restrained
sasha gets iarno to free the boy
iarno says how can he guarantee his life if he helps the group
urzal says his fate is determined by lord dagult.
minogaur says he has little options
sasha threatens the mage
iarno decides to open the cage
iarno touches the cage with his hand and the cage fades away
the boy who was in the cage, now falls backwards
sasha checks the boy is medically sound
the boy is alive and breathing but they cant seems to rouse him
urzal says i think we better this boy to safety
minogaur asks urzal to heal him
urzal tries to heal the boy, by touching his chest, but the boy does not stir
urzal says this is more than a simple spell
minogaur asks iarno whats wrong, but iarno does not know
minogaur says are the zhentarim doing the same thing to this boy that they were to the skull.
iarno says they cant be as so far he has only observed them practicing undeath magic using dead ingredients.
mingoaur says we must get this boy to town.
minogaur picks up the boy, urzal now keeps iarno restrained
marlade is now back in the room with the hammers and inspects the other door he saw last time
marlade tries to open the door, but cannot make it budge with all his might
marlade shouts for minogaur
minogaur hands the boy to sasha and runs over to marlade
he asks whats up and marlade asks him to open the door
minogaur gently pushes the door open and gives marlade a funny look
marlade says ah it must not work for the pure of heart
they see a small corridor with a locked door in front of them, and another door to the right that isnt locked
the locked door has the key in it from their side though
marlade turns the key and opens the door
inside they see an armory, stacked full of weapons and robes of zhentarim design.
marlade takes a loud of quivers and arrows
iarno has started to try and get out but urzal is restraining him
sasha inspects the  boys condition and it feels like the boy is starting to slip, she shouts for the other two to come back
marlade rushes back but minogaur heads south to the other door.
urzal says he knows the way out and begins to drag iarno to the entrance of the cave, sasha follows with carp
minogaur peaks through the south door and sees three skeletons who all quickly turn and look at him.
surrounded by 3 stone sarcophaguses
he slowly closes the door and nopes out of there
minogaur bolts and tries to follow marlade to meet up with the group.
the group manage to get back to the entrance of the cave.
outside the cave, mira and marcus are there - introduce them and why they are here
they have also been told by the townmaster to find the boy
minogaur asks what they are doing there?
he asks if they are with them, mira says no way and reconises urzal.
urzal puts down the mage and says "mira?" long time no see, 
minogaur says you know this one urzal? he explains that mira is another of the group that helped to destory neznar 
iarno says "you, i remember you!"
mira says "hmm, you always tried to kill my pet"
urzal says "ah it was all in good fun," and pats the cat on the head giving mira a sly wink.
a knight starts walking up to party and minogaur sees and shouts "who are you friend or foe?"
as the knight walks closer they recognise him as the knight they met in the inn a while back.
the knight comes up to the party "hail heroes, it is i, jusrice keenseeker, i see you have found the missing boy, well done! urzal i knew i could count on you"
urzal bows slightly and says "thank you sir"
minogaur sighs and rolls his eyes
sasha complains to the knight that she feels the group are missing a little credit here
he says "yes of course where are my manners" and hands a note to minogaur
- insert note here
minogaur begins to read it out in a silly voice and justice gets slightly annoyed by this.
minogaur says well as i recall you didnt want to watch me finish my pint, 
justice says "it is a knights commendation, if you ever find yourselves visiting neverwinter, show this to the guards and they will take you straight to lord daulgt, as you have shown great bravery, i believe you can help him"
sasha reminds the group of the severity of the boys situation
urzal and justice advise the group to take the boy back to his mother, they take iarno away and set off to neverwinter
marlade tries to see if the boy has been afflicted by magic
marlade discovers that a curse has been placed on him, he thinks that a potion of healing may help the boy
the group discover that they do not posses a single one.
sasha asks marcus who he is,
marcus says he is the person here to a job that you dont seem to have done, and seems abit annoyed at how they spoke to the knight. he is impressed that the boy is alive at least
marlade tries to heal the boy, but it appears to do more harm than good.
marcus says that the machinations of his spell are not doing any good.
minogaur says what do you suggest?
marcus says whatever we do, we should do it swiftly
minogaur picks up the boy as sasha is getting tired
they head bak to town and go to alderleaf farm once more
the door is locked and the curtains are drawn
minogaur knocks on the door, weve got your boy come out!
they hear a small woman voice "i dont believe you, go away"
sasha tries to persuade the woman to open the door kindly.
she sheepishly opens the door and sasha sees a small halfling woman looking upset standing there.
sasha shows the woman the boy, but says he is unwell
the little woman is excited to see her boy again but is quickly sad again when she sees the state she is in
sasha says he needs a potion of healing, the woman fumbles around looking for a potion, but seems to not have any.
she says bartern in town sells potions!
the group leave the boy with the woman and head over to barterns swiftly
on the way, minogaur asks marcus who he is, he mentions that he looks like a guard and asks if he knows of any where they could go to save this boy
marcus agrees with the womans suggestion that bartens is the place for potions.
describe bartens
the door is open and the group enter inside
they see barten inside behind the wooden counter
"hello how can i help you today"
he recognises marcus and asks how he is.
marcus says things could be better but still good
marcus says they have found the alderleaf boy but he appeas to be cursed
minogaur asks for help from barten but he does not know why he could help
sasha says do you sell potions of healing
barten says normally he does sell them but his shipments have stopped
adabra gwynn at umbrage hill normally brews them but he has not heard from her for a while.
the group decide to see what has happened to adabra and head south to umbrage hill
 - describe umbrage hill
minogaur asks mira if he knows what that thing is
mira recognises it as a manticore, he says they are known to speak common.
he warns that if they were try to take it on, it probably wouldnt end well
marlade says that sasha should talk to the manticore
the group all go over and push sasha forward slightly, the manticore stops attacking the door and turns to the group
- describe the manticore well
- describe the ruins as well
marcus shouts over to the manticore and it walks over to them "would you care to leave that door alone"
the manticore explains that he needs food and is starving. normally he would just around his habitat but he has been kicked out
he explains that a white dragon came to his lair and made him flee
he says this is the only piece of food he has found for days
"im not a piece of food" the old woman shouts
sasha asks the manticore to release the woman. the manticore says he doesnt want to eat a human but needs to eat and it is the natural way
minogaur says that there are some goblins that they killed by the forest near phandalin, why not head there?
the manticore goes right up to minogaur and give him a tooth grin
he then flies away with a whoosh
marcus says "see guys, the power of asking nicely"
the group head inside the windmill
adabra comes down and thanks the group for saving her
as thanks she offers them a rewared
the group ask her to help the boy, they need a potion of healing
she fetches some out her draws and gives each person one for free and an extra one for the boy - she hands it to sasha
the group thank the old woman and head back to town
when they return to the farm house, harbin wester is now there looking concerned at the boy.
he thanks the heroes for their deeds as sasha offers the potion to qelline, she tips the potion into the boys mouth but it has no effect.
Harbin says he believes he knows of two potential ways to fix this problem, they could either seek out the inventive help of the gnomes to the south or the druidic powers of reidoth to the north in thundertree
the group decide to head south to gnomengarde in pursuit of an invention to remove the curse.
- describe gnomengarde
the group head into the eastern entrance of the cave and turn a corner into a large room.
the group are immediately fired upon by a massive crossbow and take heavy damage.
stunned the group try to regroup and attack the contraption
- describe the crossbow machine with the gnome in the top
the group take out the crossbow machine by destorying each crossbow one by one
marlade swings a miss and drops his mace, the machine fires at him as he does this and he manages to dodge
marlade thanks his god, 
mira swings with 2 swords at the final crossbow, and completely smashes it up
in the rubble the female rock gnome falls into the rubble
minogaur lifts her up and she looks at minogaur all surly but resigned to that fact that she has been beaten
"now what was all that baout" minogaur asks
the gnome explains that gnomes have gone missing recently and she is super jumpy
5 burly figures come in and made her scared so she attacked
minogaur asks where the king is
she explains he has shut himself away since the disappearances.
they ask her name "facktore"
the king is in the throne room - minogaur asks here whwer he is
they ask her to lead them to him but she refuses, saying she has too much work to do with her inventions
she gives her directions to the king, she says to head south then across the bridge "beware the fans" the throne room is western most room.
the group decide to set up camp in this room, while sasha plays the song of rest

