The heroes were sat in the town green and were reminiscing about their lives with one another
The townmaster harbin wester came running over and told them to help find a missing boy, the farmers son
The group feel the townmaster is rude, as he just asked them on a quest and walked off without even checking if they were gonna do it.
The heroes decided to ask around the town
they went to the inn, inside were the owners, a knight with a farmer, and a drunk.
They went to the bar, harry + lex went to the barkeeps (husband and wife)
They ordered 5 ales and asked if they served food, they did not serve much so didnt buy
The owner felt insulted as he felt they were being rude, the wife had to step in and calm him down.
The wife does know a bit about the missing boy, as her son plays with him a lot. Her son is currently on the town green.
Meanwhile jorge is sat with lanar the drunk, and is trying to get him to talk, initially lanar is dismissive and carrys on drinking.
Lex and harry sit with the knight and the farmer, the knight thinks he is too good to talk to these peasents and ignores them initially, but they force him to speak. He says he is on official business from Neverwinter, but cant disclose what.
They manage to persuade the farmer to talk, he says he works on the farm with the boy but saw him yesterday so he couldnt be missing.
Jorge decides its best to try and bring the drunk around, he gets the rest of the group and persuades him to go outside, he looks around for water, and can only see a small prayer bowl near a shrine.
Jorge is super insightful about these matters and based on the design of the shrine knows that it is a shrine to tymora, the goddess of luck, this is weird as she normally does not have shrines, but notices a dark elf lady in prayer and deduces that shee must have made the shrine.
The bowl is deemed not big enough to satisfy his waterboarding urges so they go to the farm in the hopes there is a trough they can use.
They take him to a trough and waterboard him sober, jorge carries on however and wont stop until the drunk has told him where the boy is.
The drunkard - lanar - relents. He says that the boy was taken into a cave in the woods by some cultists, but says they will kill him if they find out he told them. They also find out that he also works on the farm and knows the missing boy quite well.
The group wont let lanar leave however, and force him to show them the way to this cave, lanar is a cowardly man and so is easily persuaded
The group head to the base of the woods and see three goblins around a campfire, they ready their weapons.
Lex strikes first and lunges bravely at the first goblin, sadly being a humble bard, misses completely.
Harry tries to throw a javelin at the goblins but they scatter and it misses,
Jorge stays back and tries to bless the party.
Lanar panics
The goblins all gang up on poor lex, swiftly knocking her unconscious.
Harry rushes forward and attacks a goblin, landing a decisive hit with his mighty greataxe, splitting it in twain, he manages to drag lex out of danger.
Jorge fires his crossbow and his aim is true, hits another goblin straight through the eye. Dead
Lex does look like she might make it.
The final goblin begins to flee, but harry is able to close the gap and throw another javelin, he hits the goblin and thanks to the divine buff of jorge, the javelin lands true piercing its vital organs and dieing
Jorge then administers a medical kit to lex and she gets up. Badly wounded but still alive, for now.
