started in the woods with the goblins - you find stolen pouches - jayon and unnamed - values can be gotten from the notes.
Also a letter is found - gotten from notes
pondered the letter for a bit, realised it was addressed too the goblins.
lanar leads you to the cave entrance, you prepare yourselves and peer inside - describe cave
minogaur goes down first left corridor, and listens to a door to the south, but cant hear anything inside.
he listens to a door to the north and can hear people playing a game involving dice inside.
the rest of the group head further north in the cave and go left down a corridor.
they listen to a door on the other side, and can hear the game louder.
they use sasha as a go between to communicate, and both decide to attack at once

Minogaur hurls a javelin and kills a cultist in the side of the throat, he then kills another by chopping his head off.
His head rolls over to the other 2 cultists.
The rest of the group burst in and marlade fires his crossbow at a cultist, but it misfires. So he hits him in the back of the head with the butt of the gun
The cultists stumble around and are surprised
Lanar does a wimpy swing, not hitting anybody
Sasha stabs one with her longsword and kills it, then throws a dagger at another and hits it right between the eyes, all cultists are now dead.

The group search the cultists bodies but find no loot, they see that the loot was around the game - bags of coins etc. get from DNDbeyond sheets
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the group then decide to go back to the door to the south, sasha listens to the door and can hear a language being spoken that she cannot understand.
marlade then listens and can hear that it is abyssal, but cant make out what is being said.
he listens again, pressing his ear closer and can hear the conversation - get from notes

marlade then kicks the door down,
miraculously the inhabitants dont notice - will describe from notes - they are cultists in the middle of a ritual - powerful looking ones - 4
marlade attacks the nearest one and shoots a bolt at the back of his head, it hits and the cultist turns around, he fires purple lightning at marlade and suspends him in the air
then sasha tries next and throws a dagger at the same cultist, hitting it in the eye.
he barely flinches and casts the same spell at sasha, which she resists
minogaur then attacks, hitting the cultist with his axe, it gets embeddeded in his torso and he fires the purple lightning spell at minogaur, which lifts him up and paralyzes aswell
the cultists then swarm around the remaining members, but lanar manages to high tail and run
sasha manages to resist one but the other spell does hit, rendering the party immobile

the lead cultist removes the weapons from his body and goes around laughing at each of the party - can fill this in properly from notes - he says the elf is far from home, the clerics god cant save him now, and the goliath looks mighty but not now
he knocks out marlade first, then sasha and finally minogaur

the group are unconscious for some time, but marlade can hear,
he hears gnashing, scraping, clanging and breathing fire as well as people dieing
he is awoken with a red dragonborn in armor kneeling over him

the dragonborn introduces himself to marlade and helps him up,
he then goes to sasha and helps her up,
and finally minogaur,
he introduces himself - will fill in
he says he has been on the trail of the zhentarim and followed them into this cave,
he was impressed how they took out those goblins

the group decide to stick together, urzal explains they are in the west side of the dungeon, and that he has not found iarno (who he is tasked to capture) in the entire east side

the group head north past the other 4 cultists from earlier and urzal listens at the door,
he hears bubbling sounds and the sound of a crying boy, he asks the group if that means anything to them
marlade tries to kick the door down, but urzal stops him, they open the door more carefully.

inside, they see a brewing station and a boy in a cage, unresponsive
marlade inspects the books and finds - can get from notes - alchemy supplies
sasha also goes over to the cage, but her hand passes through it
sasha makes an arcana check and identifies it as being sealed with magic

the group then listen at the door near the cage,
minogar does this, he hears a voice that is unfamiliar and a voice that sounds like lanars

meanwhile, marlade heads around to the other side,
the bridge is rickety but he makes it across, he also goes to a new room - will describe from notes
in the room he finds 3 hammers and spots a secret door

sasha checks the door is unlocked - which it is, but alerts those inside
the group then enter the room, and marlade tries to do the same, but fails the check to open the door

inside they see iarno and lanar talking,
lanar asks the group to save him. urzal attacks iarno first, but misses
iarno casts mage armor and tries to hit urzal with magic missiles - misses
minogar attacked iarno and landed a blow, this triggered lanar, who reveals himself as a doppelganger
he attacks minogar who resists the first claw attack with stone armor and dodges the second
minogar slashes the doppelganger's chest with his axe, but is taken out by his claws
urzal kneels down and uses lay on hands to restore minogar to full health
sasha attacks iarno with her shortsword and dagger and mortally wounds him
iarno tries to hit urzal but his armor is too great for his spells
minogar then slashes one of the doppelgangers arms off
sasha slashes and stabs at his other arm with her longsword and dagger sticking it in his bicep
the doppelganger still attacks minogar and again has to be healed by urzal
minogar then swings for his head and chops it clean off.

meanwhile, marlade manages to break down the door, using a boon from his chosen deity, savras.
but this leads to another corridor, with another stone door at the end of it.
he manages to open this one normally, and bursts into the room mid-combat
he fires his crossbow at iarno and iarno submits.
iarno begs for his life, and says he will tell the group all he knows...
