the group begin by exploring the initial cave entrance
they head right into the wolf room
- describe the wolf room
the group notice the fissure in the back - bal - too thin to climb up
wolfs are making noise at this point
the group decide they need to take out the wolves
harry throws a javelin at the first wolf at his face, hits
dwayne stabs another one with a dagger - hits thrown
he throws his other dagger - misses
bal throws a ball of fire at the last one - hits - it starts to burn
one of the wolves tries to bite harry, but is old and just gums him
the other runs around on fire
the last one attacks dwayne, but misses - he dodges
nat attacks the one that tried to attack dwayne with her sword - hit
the sword leaves it very bloodied
uses flurry of blows to hit the wolf over and over.
nat kills the wolf by twisting it neck and gouging out its eyes "dont mess with sunjinwoo again".
dwayne cheers
inspired, harry takes out his greataxe and smashes it into the other wolf
he jumps up and stands on its head and shoves it up its arse,
the wolf lets out a yelp and dies
dwayne attacks the burning wolf with his sword, but it misses
bal tries to punch the wolf, but misses
the second punch hits, the wolf is not on fire, but in a bad way
the wolf retaliates and bites bal, it grabs her arm and tries to pull her down, but she breaks free
nat goes up to the wolf and cuts its throat with her shortsword
bal tries to search the cave
she goes up to the fissure and peers inside, she sees a stone pillar blocking the view what appears to be dimly light
the group throw in a torch to try and light up the room, - nat did this
harry looks through and sees two goblins that go around it confused, one of them picks it up and goes over to the hole.
the group quickly move away from the hole before the goblin sees them.
they return to the corridor with the stream, and move further north
the group see a bridge and dwayne sees a goblin trying to hide on it, the goblin doesnt notice the party.
- describe bridge
they sneak under the bridge and head into a new room.
- describe dam room
the group see the three goblins, but they havent noticed the party
dwayne stealthed behind one of them and the group get ready to attack
he attacks with his shortsword, but misses. the goblins are still surprised
harry attacks one with his greataxe, but misses.
nat uses her swordsword, she slices its throat and it starts bleeding out
she follows up with a punch, but misses.
bal casts shelligah to empower her weapon, and kills the goblin, by clobbering it to death with her pommel
the goblins are surprised and cannot act
dwayne tries to hit the one he missed earlier with his swordsword, and repeatadly stabs it in his ribs, until his intenstines fall out.
he turns to the final goblin and lands a decisive blow with his other sword.
harry bullrushes the goblin and grabs it by the throat, and attacks with his greataxe, he smashes his head like an egg, he pins the goblin against the dam, and slices it in half and his head departs the rest of his body.
the goblins are now all dead, and the group look around the room.
harry sees in the corner, of the dam, a lever that looks like the goblins have set this up as a trap, maybe they were planning on releasing the water.
the group inspect the goblins and see they all have a schimitar, a shortbow and 8 arrows each.
the group take the arrows

