Harry Nat and Dwayne meet and are escorting the caravan
They realise they hadnt spoken and introduce themselves properly - insert brief backgrounds here
Nat is driving with Harry and Dwayne in toe
They continue down the trail and spot two dead horses and an overturned caravan blocking the path ahead of them
Harry exercises caution and advises them not approach it, he thinks he can hear laughing in the bushes
Dwayne uses his stealth and checks out the bushes, he finds a goblin hiding, looking at the other two.
He takes his sword sword in hand and brings it down on the goblins collar bone, covering his mouth and lowering slowly so as to take him out without noise

The other two realising this, begin to search around the area, they can hear some kind of tapping coming from the long grass.
Harry goes near to the caravan and an arrow is fired next to his head, the remaining three goblins leap up and begin attacking.
However the heroes are perceptive and are not surprised, nat attacks the now lone goblin on the left, but unfortunately does a glancing blow with her sword and swings a miss with her fist
Harry instead goes for one of the other two goblins on the grassy side, he takes his greataxe and unleashes his mighty rage on the unfortunate goblin, killing in one hit.
The golbin next to the dead one sees this, and begins to flee as fast as he can, Dwayne takes out a dagger and launches it at the goblin, he hits, and the goblin begins to leave a trail of blood.
The remaining goblin uses his schimitar to attack nat, landing a hit and wounding her severely.

In retaliation to this, nat tries to hit once again with her sword, but the goblin deftly moves out the way. She follows up with a left hook and clocks it in the jaw.
Harry then moves over to help nat and throws a javelin towards it, the goblin is struck and dies.
Dwayne eyes the fleeing golbin and launches a dagger at it, he manages to clip its hamstring and it limps away, leaving a trail of blood behind.
The group collect themselves and bunch up around the caravan deciding what to do next
They are able to clearly see the goblin's trail, but decide that it would probably be best to instead carry on the journey to phandalin with the caravan

Nat takes up the reins of the caravan once again, they continue down towards phandalin, but the goblins have laid a trap, which nat spings! Fortunately the caravan takes most of the hit and is just rocked slightly.
After this mishap, she hands the reins over to dwayne who carries on for a bit longer
As they near phandalin, another trap is sprung! This time a deep pit that had been covered in leaves. The caravan and dwayne fall in, but dwayne is unharmed.
Nat helps out dwayne with her rope and pulls him out of the pit, then dwayne uses his rope and pulls the entire caravan out all on his own!
The group then continue around the pit, and arrive in phandalin safely, cargo in one piece at its correct destination!
